Home Page:

The world is filled with mind-blowing ancient sites and wonders out there. Over the thousands of years of human history, we’ve produced some pretty amazing stuff, even if, sadly, not all of it has last until today.

With many breathtaking and incredible historical sites built by ancient civilizations, it’s sometimes hard to narrow down the best. Think of all the lists of ancient wonders out there and how different they are. What criteria do you judge on? What makes a good historical site? What makes the best?

Everyone has their own criteria in deciding what ancient places are good or aren’t good. I’ve spent the last decade traveling around the world and have visited a dozen countries. I’ve seen a good few ancient sites and monuments in the world and have plans to see more.

On this site, these are some of my favorite ancient sites that I think every traveler should try to visit at some point. The story these ruins tell is part of humanity’s story. They guess a deep understanding of our history, power, commonalities, and shared experiences. They show us how we’ve developed as a species. Don’t miss out seeing them if you ever get a chance!


News Page:

News 1: New discovery throws light on mystery of pyramids' construction

The mystery of how, exactly, the pyramids were built may have come a step closer to being unravelled after a team of archaeologists made a chance discovery in an ancient Egyptian quarry.

Scientists researching ancient inscriptions happened upon a ramp with stairways and a series of what they believe to be postholes, which suggest that the job of hauling into place the huge blocks of stone used to build the monuments may have been completed more quickly than previously thought.

While the theory that the ancient Egyptians used ramps to move the stones has already been put forward, the structure found by the Anglo-French team, which dated from about the period that the Great Pyramid of Giza was built, is significantly steeper than was previously supposed possible.


News 2: Archaeologists discover mysterious void deep within Great Pyramid of Giza

Archaeologists have uncovered a mysterious enclosure hidden deep inside the Great Pyramid of Giza, the oldest of the seven wonders of the ancient world.

The massive cavity stretches for at least 30 metres and lies above the grand gallery, an impressive ascending corridor that connects the Queen’s chamber to the King’s in the heart of the historic monument. It is the first major structure found in the pyramid since the 19th century.

It is unclear whether the void is a chamber or a corridor, or whether it played any more than a structural role in the pyramid’s construction – such as relieving weight on the grand gallery below. But measurements show that it has similar dimensions to the grand gallery, which is nearly 50 metres long, eight metres high and more than a metre wide.


News 3: Ancient 3,400-year-old palace discovered after drought reveals ruins

The incredible ruins of an ancient palace in Iraqi Kurdistan have emerged from the waters of the Tigris River.

A team of German and Kurdish archaeologists reports that, in fall 2018, receding waters in the Mosul Dam reservoir unexpectedly revealed the remains in the ancient city, Kemune.

The Bronze Age palace was revealed on the eastern bank of the Tigris river in Iraq’s Duhok province. As part of a project involving the University of Tübingen in Germany, the Kurdistan Archaeology Organization and Duhok Directorate of Antiquities, archaeologists identified a building with mud brick walls up to 2 meters (6.56 feet) thick.

Some of the building’s walls are more than 6 feet high and some of its rooms have plastered walls, according to Dr. Ivana Puljiz of the Tübingen Institute for Ancient Near Eastern Studies.


Webinar
Egypt's Best Kept Secrets
Egyptologist RAMY ROMANY will give a 2 hour session on Egypt's best kept secret places to visit in 2020. If you have plans to visit Egypt this year and beyond, don't miss  out on this insightful info session. Free to attend! Register below.

Session Details:
Date: Friday, March 27, 2020
Time: 7PM-9PM PST
Place: link will be emailed after registration completed